[Music]
very good my dearest lovers of the
heart I hope you are enjoying
the day and well on this occasion I
bring you a reflection that I don't know if you have noticed I do
n't know if you have taken into account
unfortunately he has left us
underwater in the last few hours you
know that he was a very controversial character
and we can't deny that he was an icon I would
say that almost of those who created the
world of the heart and brought the
pink press to Spain he was not a
very characteristic character and that is of
course one of the things that
characterized him was that he didn't mince his words
if he thought something he would tell you
as it is notice that yesterday on Sálvame
they did the filthy thing of insinuating that
this man accepted money in exchange for
well buying his opinion not saying anything
negative about the private life of another
famous person anyway filthy things that they do
Sálvame not on many occasions but
notice that this has indirectly been
a judicial setback for Rocío Carrasco
this woman that there are many people
who define her as having a spirit
querulante this woman
according to what she told the media took
legal action for an article she
wrote just a few months ago submarinas
in which she
wrote a memoir about the
well she insinuated that she had doubts about the
sexual orientation of Rocío Juradó no
then Rocío Carrasco that she would feel at
that moment that the
privacy or the honor of her mother had been violated to
defend him because according to the media she took
legal action evidently this is
not going to get anywhere
unfortunately I wish it had been another
way but unfortunately Jesús
Mariñas having abandoned us having
left us he will never be able to respond
to that lawsuit notice that recently he
also twisted the lawsuits that they
have pending although already in the first
instance it seems that it did not have a
favorable result for Rocío Carrasco
it seems that it will not have them in
the following instances with
Raquel Mosquera herself because Rocío Carrasco
has been alleging in those lawsuits that
she would be being a
retired personality from the media who had
even asked for the right to be forgotten and with this
documentary he had reversed that
effect of that request and it
would no longer serve to defend himself against those lawsuits against Raquel Mosquera no no I don't know at what point it seemed like a good idea seeing the delicate state of health that he'd been in in recent years he's a marine and already taking into account the
age that Jesús Marín was already getting into
lawsuits not getting into lawsuits I
understand that maybe you have
money to spare or whatever and
always go on with this but man we know I
think we're all very aware that
any lawsuit
you get into is headed for five or
ten years at least at least and without
many interruptions so the truth is it did
n't seem like a good idea to me at
first because it depends on the way
Jesús Marín had of expressing himself no
because in the end there's always
a dispute with freedom of
expression or I mean what happens if a
famous person can't give their opinion I can't
say what I am it's that I have this doubt
now that I have it depends not as long as it's
done with respect I don't
see anything very serious in it I mean of course the
law is there to  use it and if someone
feels offended, well, there it is and let
the judges decide, but when, I mean, we don't
flood them with nonsense either,
family, up to here the news, tell me in the
comments box what you think, a CD what it
thinks and believes that
this lawsuit could have been successful if it had had a
run, I will be
reading you, I send you a huge hug and
until the next video
[Music]